Added text regarding constraints on created and expired dates for the Dynamics CRM Connector (#993)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: microsoft-dynamics-crm/3.2/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

Before creating an app, you must have login credentials for Microsoft Dynamics CRM SOAP Organization Service to test your connection to your target resource.

> Any created or expired date in the web service header must respect the constraints specified the BasicSecurity Profile validation for Web Services, http://www.ws-i.org/Profiles/BasicSecurityProfile-1.0.html, as summarized below:

Reviewer: Any created or expired date in the web service header created by the Microsoft CRM instance must respect the constraints specified the BasicSecurity Profile validation for Web Services, http://www.ws-i.org/Profiles/BasicSecurityProfile-1.0.html, as summarized below:

> Any created or expired date in the web service header created by the Microsoft CRM instance must respect the constraints specified in the BasicSecurity Profile validation for Web Services, `http://www.ws-i.org/Profiles/BasicSecurityProfile-1.0.html`, as summarized below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any created or expired date in the Web service header created by the Microsoft CRM instance must conform to the constraints specified in the Basic Security Profile validation for Web services, `http://www.ws-i.org/Profiles/BasicSecurityProfile-1.0.html`, as summarized below:
```

Reviewer 2: I'm just matching the way things are capitalized on the linked source.

* A created or expired date must not contain a seconds value with more than three digits to the right of the decimal (milliseconds).
* A created or expired date that contains a seconds value must specify a seconds value less than 60.
* A created or expired date must not include the ValueType attribute.

> * A created or expired date must contain time values in UTC format, as specified by the XML Schema type (dateTime).

Reviewer 2: It seems like maybe the last bullet should be the first bullet because it's talking about the required format for the values.

Author: This is the order in the spec.
